---
navTitle: "Services"
---

::jumbotron

#title
What I can do for you

#perex
Have a look at the solutions I offer for web building.

::

---

## Static

Modern lightweight solution ideal for presentation sites and personal portfolios.

### The upsides

Here are just some of the advantages of static websites:

- **Security** - As there are no "moving parts", these websites are not susceptible to malware or spybot attacks.
- **Performance** - Static sites are served to your browser immediately, as opposed server rendered apps which need to be built first. This improves the performance metrics of your web, which helps with SEO.
- **Maintainability** - With the reduced complexity of the project comes easier maintainability. The code is less prone to errors and easier to update and modify if necessary.
- **Free hosting** - Static websites can easily be hosted on some of the platforms such as [Netlify](https://netlify.com/) or [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) which provide free plans. All you need is a domain name and you are good to go.

### The content

This solution will be paired with a suitable admin environment. This allows you to **make changes** to any part of the website, **add new pages** and edit or delete the old ones.

One of my favourite solutions for the content editing is [Sanity](https://www.sanity.io/). Sanity provides a clean and **simple, fully customizable** admin UI. This streamlines the editing experience, while offering powerful ways of customizing the content for specific use cases.

### The Pricing

As static websites represent the least complex solution, the price also remains quite low.

A website similar to one you are reading right now (5 pages, blog section, portfolio section) will cost from **$500** to **$650**.

And yeah the web you're reading right now is static.

## WordPress

The open-source standard for larger webs and blogs.

### The upsides

You can hardly go wrong with this one. Backed up with years of development, WordPress offers solutions nearly for any use case.

- **Open-source** - WordPress is free and open-source. This means that developers around the world have been creating solutions for various use cases that we can build on.
- **Wide-spread** - Nearly half of all the websites use WordPress. Most content editors have worked with it before, and there is a plethora of guides and tutorials out there.
- **Safe and durable** - The security of WordPress sites is closely followed by milions of developers. Bugs and vulnerabilities are quickly spotted and promptly fixed.
- **All-purpose** - There is hardly anything that cannot be built with WordPress. Blogs, portfolios, e-commerce, event websites... this platform can get you there.

### The content

Just as all our solutions, the WordPress websites we produce can be edited without knowing any code. Both content and the layout can be customized by using the [Gutenberg blocks](/blog/wordpress-gutenberg-101).

The admin environment is easy to use and can be translated to any language.

### The Pricing

WordPress websites can come in all shapes and sizes, so the price will depend on the specification.

A blog with 5 pages, and interactive elements such as sliders, dropdowns or galleries will cost between **$650** and **$850**.

## Shopify

To run a successful e-commerce business, you need a solid platform that can accommodate to various needs. Shopify is currently the most accessible and scalable project. You can start your shop in minutes with a free theme and customize it, or we can build a theme to exactly match your design.

### The upsides

Shopify is a [paid platform](https://www.shopify.com/pricing) ($29/month) and here is what you get for it:

- **Robust administration** - Well-designed and easy-to-use admin UI that will help you create products, pages and posts in a couple of minutes.
- **Payment management** - Shopify provides you with ways to secure your payment process. It allows for a variety of payment methods, takes care of calculating tax and many other important details.
- **Customer management** - Your customers will receive automated emails about their purchases and they will be able to log into your site to access their data and payment history.

### The content

Shopify administration is a standardized system, however, it provides an exceptional flexibility in building pages.
