---
head.title: "About"
head.description: "Web developer specialized in modern JavaScript."
head.image: /image/og-default.jpg
navTitle: "About"
hideBreadcrumb: true
---

::jumbotron

#highlight
Find out more

#title
About me

#perex
Full-stack developer specialized in JavaScript and Vue. In love with simple and efficient solutions.

::

---

::profile{name="Šimon Macek" role="Developer" twitterUrl="https://twitter.com/maceksimon1" linkedinUrl="https://cz.linkedin.com/in/simon-macek-224a09114" image="/image/profile_crop.png"}

::

## Long story short...

I started working in tech about 3 years ago. I am self-taught and until now, I have managed to get the hang of **modern JavaScript and Vue, CSS, and PHP**, as well as metaframeworks such as Nuxt. I worked with WordPres, Drupal, and Shopify and learned how to build full-scale websites from scratch. I never start coding without initiating Git, and I am well aware of the quirks of cross-browser compatibility and responsive design. Two years ago, I have discovered **Tailwind CSS** and it has become my styling tool of choice for the majority of my projects.

For the most part, I have been working as a freelancer for [Proficio marketing agency](https://proficiodigital.com/). I grew a lot as a developer thanks to the support of my colleagues, and on internal workshops I picked up valuable know-how from different areas of marketing including **SEO, product management and UX design**. As most of my work was remote, I honed my time management and communication skills.

Currently, my goal is to start contributing to open source projects and keep improving with more projects and new challenges.

::button-primary{url="/portfolio" text="See my work"}
::
